h1. Screens

h2. Homepage

Currently shows either:
* A login page for an unlogged user, or
* A list of the user's memberships in the existing coops

h2. Member details

Shows the different coops the member is in, and the different users under this member

h2. Coop main page

Shows all the associated members and sales

h2. Coop inventory page

Shows the coop's product inventory with respect to the coop's sales (orders and purchases)

h2. Sale - My orders

h2. Sale - edit my order

h2. Sale - total orders

h1. Models

h2. Users and roles:

* Users with access to admin pages can modify data (need admin password)
* *Member's* are created via the admin interface, one or more users (google accounts) are associated with each account. This is done via admin interface
* "Regular" members don't have access to the admin interface,
* TODO: different roles could theoretically be assigned via GAE's admin interface, but this is not possible at the moment, see issue http://groups.google.com/group/play-framework/browse_thread/thread/52ce86ffd9d2710a/

h2. Coop and CoopGroup:

* A new *Coop* is created via admin interface, as well as new *CoopGroup*
* *Coop's* from the same group will be able to communicate with one another

h2. Sale, Product, BaseProduct:

* *BaseProduct* could be "lentils", "bread", and such. The current price is associated with the base product, as well as current quantity
* a *Product* is associated to a *BaseProduct* and a *Sale*, as well as a per-sale price
* a *Sale* is associated to a *Coop*, and contains a set of *Product's*
* *BaseProduct's* are created via admin interface, as well as *Sale's* - which should have a special page

h2. Order, ProductOrder:

* a *ProductOrder* is associated to an Order and a Product, and contains the desired Quantity 
* an *Order* is associated to a Member and a Sale, and contains the order date

h1. What's next (notes to self)

see TODO.textile

h1. Oddities

After running @play dependencies@ we should also run:
@rm -rf modules/guice-1.2/test@ otherwise @play auto-test@ fails
